Normatively define synchronous instrument record/add parameters (#3082)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/api.md

This API SHOULD NOT return a value (it MAY return a dummy value if required by
certain programming languages or systems, for example `null`, `undefined`).

This API MUST accept the following parameter:

> * The numeric increment value. This value is expected to be non-negative. The

Reviewer: In general I am not against the the term "numeric value". However, it looks strange that the term "numeric" is used in this section. For me it only bring inconsistency in the docs and potentially confusion. Can we please address it in a separate PR?

> * The numeric increment value. This value is expected to be non-negative. The

Author: > Can we please address it in a separate PR?

SGTM :+1:

>   API MUST NOT validate this value, that is left to the API implementation.

Author: The original authors meant the implementation of an API, which would be the SDK. This could include implementations other than the OTel SDK. I think that is a problematic concept, but I do not want to address it with this PR. Instead I leave it to #3071.

> Additionally, this API MAY accept the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: Similar to the convo in #3074 and #3069:
```suggestion
Additionally, this API MUST accept the following optional parameters:
```

This API SHOULD NOT return a value (it MAY return a dummy value if required by
certain programming languages or systems, for example `null`, `undefined`).

This API MUST accept the following parameter:

* The `Measurement` value. This value is expected to be non-negative. The API

>   MUST NOT validate this value, that is left to the API implementation.

Author: Similar here, this is left to #3071.

> Additionally, this API MAY accept the following parameters:

Author: Updated, PTAL.

This API SHOULD NOT return a value (it MAY return a dummy value if required by
certain programming languages or systems, for example `null`, `undefined`).

This API MUST accept the following parameter:

* The value to be added. This value can be positive, negative, or zero.

> Additionally, this API MAY accept the following parameters:

Reviewer: 👍 Was it not in another PR or am I too tired? 😆

> Additionally, this API MAY accept the following parameters:

Author: Updated, PTAL.
